docs/index.md, before:

# Home

Welcome to the wiki page for the sing-box project.

The universal proxy platform.

## Installation

sing-box requires Golang **1.18.5** or a higher version.

```bash
go install -v github.com/sagernet/sing-box/cmd/sing-box@latest
```

Install with options:

```bash
go install -v -tags with_clash_api github.com/sagernet/sing-box/cmd/sing-box@latest
```

| Build Tag                  | Description                                                                                                                                  |
|----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `with_quic`                | Build with QUIC support, see [QUIC and HTTP3 dns transports](./configuration/dns/server) and [Naive inbound](./configuration/inbound/naive). |
| `with_clash_api`           | Build with Clash api support, see [Experimental](./configuration/experimental#clash-api-fields).                                             |
| `no_gvisor`                | Build without gVisor tun stack support, see [Tun inbound](./configuration/inbound/tun#stack).                                                |
| `with_lwip` (CGO required) | Build with LWIP tun stack support, see [Tun inbound](./configuration/inbound/tun#stack).                                                     |

The binary is built under $GOPATH/bin

```bash
sing-box version
```

It is also recommended to use systemd to manage sing-box service,
see [Linux server installation example](./examples/linux-server-installation).

## Contributors

[![](https://opencollective.com/sagernet/contributors.svg?width=740&button=false)](https://github.com/sagernet/sing-box/graphs/contributors)

## License

```
Copyright (C) 2022 by nekohasekai <contact-sagernet@sekai.icu>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```

Commit message:

Add hysteria and acme TLS certificate issuer (#18)
* Add hysteria client/server
* Add acme TLS certificate issuer

docs/index.md, after:

# Home

Welcome to the wiki page for the sing-box project.

The universal proxy platform.

## Installation

sing-box requires Golang **1.18.5** or a higher version.

```bash
go install -v github.com/sagernet/sing-box/cmd/sing-box@latest
```

Install with options:

```bash
go install -v -tags with_clash_api github.com/sagernet/sing-box/cmd/sing-box@latest
```

| Build Tag                  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `with_quic`                | Build with QUIC support, see [QUIC and HTTP3 dns transports](./configuration/dns/server), [Naive inbound](./configuration/inbound/naive), [Hysteria Inbound](./configuration/inbound/hysteria) and [Hysteria Outbound](./configuration/outbound/hysteria). |
| `with_acme`                | Build with ACME TLS certificate issuer support, see [TLS](./configuration/shared/tls).                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `with_clash_api`           | Build with Clash api support, see [Experimental](./configuration/experimental#clash-api-fields).                                                                                                                                                           |
| `no_gvisor`                | Build without gVisor tun stack support, see [Tun inbound](./configuration/inbound/tun#stack).                                                                                                                                                              |
| `with_lwip` (CGO required) | Build with LWIP tun stack support, see [Tun inbound](./configuration/inbound/tun#stack).                                                                                                                                                                   |

The binary is built under $GOPATH/bin

```bash
sing-box version
```

It is also recommended to use systemd to manage sing-box service,
see [Linux server installation example](./examples/linux-server-installation).

## Contributors

[![](https://opencollective.com/sagernet/contributors.svg?width=740&button=false)](https://github.com/sagernet/sing-box/graphs/contributors)

## License

```
Copyright (C) 2022 by nekohasekai <contact-sagernet@sekai.icu>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```
